Version 0.2 of pubgrub (#63)
pubgrub-rs/pubgrub: README.md

  version solving failed.
```

This pubgrub crate provides a Rust implementation of PubGrub.
It is generic and works for any type of dependency system
as long as packages (P) and versions (V) implement
the provided `Package` and `Version` traits.

## Using the pubgrub crate

A [guide][guide] with both high-level explanations and
in-depth algorithm details is available online.
The [API documentation is available on docs.rs][docs].

> A WIP version of the [API docs for the dev branch][docs-dev] is also
> accessible for convenience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A version of the [API docs for the unreleased functionality][docs-dev] from `dev` branch is also
accessible for convenience.
```

Author: Good suggestion!

## Contributing

> Discussion and development happens here on github and on our
> [Zulip stream](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/260232-t-cargo.2FPubGrub).
> Please join in!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Discussion and development happens here on GitHub and on our
[Zulip stream](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/260232-t-cargo.2FPubGrub).
Please join in!

```
An empty line in the end is to separate our welcoming note from the previous sentence. Should make it more prominent this way in the rendered version.

Author: `Github` -> `GitHub`

Reviewer: Huh, I never noticed they spell it this way! Alright

[published on Medium][medium-pubgrub] by its author.

The detailed explanation of the algorithm is
[provided on GitHub][github-pubgrub],
and complemented by the ["Internals" section of our guide][guide-internals].
The foundation of the algorithm is based on ASP (Answer Set Programming),
and a book called
"[Answer Set Solving in Practice][potassco-book]"
by Martin Gebser, Roland Kaminski, Benjamin Kaufmann and Torsten Schaub.

[crates]: https://crates.io/crates/pubgrub
[guide]: https://pubgrub-rs-guide.netlify.app/

> [guide-internals]: https://pubgrub-rs-guide.netlify.app/internals/intro.html

Reviewer: Should we use `guide-dev` for consistency?

Author: this link is specifically for internals, not for a dev version of the guide
